looking at certain topics within the ethereum network i am scared
about the situation that another "kind of attack" is ridden against all of us.

imagine an engineer-
thinking about the stability of any kind of building/structure

as the base mount is declared as unmoveable an architect as well as an structural engineer-
or if differentiated at some places or 
declared in a different way looking at the "runtime"-environment which is
in "our case" the real world, having to do with computers.

more than this- watching the progress of improvement 
being aware of, vyper, raiden-network and all the other part-takers "within" the ethereum community 

which is partly assembled in paris at this moment- writing at the moment 08.03.2018~1800hour.

there was no chance to speak for a friend and colleague of mine, 
who could have also talked about the growing importance of stabilizing network structures in order to 
measure and decide if the offered quality is given and appropriate to work with.

with the upcoming "spoof"-nodes allmost coming from somewhere in china starting two weeks ago-
i ask once again if this wanted, intended and supported or

wouldn´t it be nicer to have a expert-group engaging themselfes on fair contracts
to have this kind
of urgent question organised and paid-

nice ideas and suggestions are around, 
there is a certain "need" for having real-nodes
being actual, 
running archive mode,
interacting like intended and not "somehow".

measurement guidelines and result sorting and scoring could be discussed-
but as i read since week upcoming funds but no response as some applies for such programs-
so i ask everone out there if this is intended?

coming back to the starting "model" with the architect and the structural engineer
i see the unfortunate chance that some individual/group 
disappointed about ethereum or token came to the idea to 
"tow a chain through the basement" silent but continouus enough to 
interefere some day basic-communications
with consequences
that the main-chain brakes apart into several subchains, 

this kind of attack is not too easy to be done but
with enough frustration/motivation for harm in his/her mind 
i can imagine to become possible-
remember DAO?


If it is meant to handle such "long-term strategy" of "raised insecurity by design"
how should "default users" like me
and could handle such implementing.
will the community have advantages from the also continously growing knowledge base
of the ethereum enterprise intiative?
Such questions cannot be discussed only on conferences, i think.
could we please find better ways in communicating and 
more active dealing such urgent questions?

thanks in advance

yours

roninkaizen
